Yeah, it was, um, the last fight out there is, uh,
I was sitting in that hot tub and then cuz I didn't have the sauna, uh,
hooked up. I just wanted to go on the hot tub and,
and then I laid on like the partition and I had like one leg dangling and the
cold pool and one leg dangling and then the water was really good looking I'm
sure <laugh> but when you're starving and dying and giving a anymore,
it was just like I'm laying there.
Like that Mackenzie D was laying over there looking a little worse than me,
but it was like.
I guess, I don't know. What did you think?
Would she miss weight by seven pounds? That kind of crazy. Isn't it?
It's crazy because she, like,
I was literally sitting in the locker room with her.
Like we are giggling at UFC, uh, two 20 you like,
because we're both like curvy, right.
And we're sitting in the locker room laughing about how much that weighs,
you know? And it's like, what can you do about that? And even if you could,
you really wanna like, right. I mean, I don't hate it, you know,
but sitting in there and um, like laughing about it and,
and that was what,
what was the data of that March 3rd and then mm-hmm <affirmative> to come
that much over, like she got her fight right away, announced right away.
You know that she was fighting may what was it? 19th or something. Yeah.
And it's just like that, like when you have that data in mind, I mean,
and granted it's, it's not me. It's her it's I don't have her body.
I don't have her problems. I don't have her life. I don't it's you know, not my,
not doesn't mean anything to me,
but to know you have a fight and it's signed up and it's ready.
Like at that point it's maintenance. Yeah. You know, it's maintenance like that.
That's not even doing anything different. It's just maintenance.
But like these weight cuts are harder and harder on us. As we get older.
I don't know what her body's doing. I don't know. Yeah. She's I think she's 25.
Yeah. She's young. And I don't, I don't know.
I don't know what that to make 115 pounds asks of her. And,
and I don't know if she's on her period or not.
I don't know if that makes a difference to her with me. I always,
I always get mine the day of weigh-ins. Oh, I have other,
I have like three other girls.
Four are girls that I know that it's the exact same thing.
Like the morning of made weight, about to go downstairs.
And there's that looking at you right there. <laugh> <laugh> she's like there's,
there's why I couldn't lose the last two pounds.
Sweet. I would like to talk to John crouch about what happened cuz uh,
he asked her to leave the lab.
Oh, that was where she was at when they asked her to leave. Yeah.
Did she ever say.
Why? She didn't say why? He didn't say why either. Huh?
They're both playing it professional. Huh? I dunno what.
Happened. But she was there a long time too though. Wasn't she?
Well like cuz when I went to go train down there, she, she was already,
she was there one of the days. Yeah. I don't know.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure,
but I know her dad he's doesn't he teach in Arizona megaton.
I think so. Yeah. Um, her jujitsu is nasty though. Isn't it?
So gnarly.
Woo. Yeah. She's good. We competed against each other. Yeah. Yeah.
I was beating her were yeah. Well it is rough.
It is rough because I, I, it was worlds. We were both purple belts.
I think it was the open division. So I was like,
I was heavier than her by the next weight class. And um, I,
I went to take her down a double egg Dal big and then like where we landed.
So if this is like the square we landed like right here mm-hmm <affirmative> and
so they called it out and so they reset us in the middle. So no points. Oh,
so we get in the middle with you because she's Mackenzie D because I'm not
resilient enough, right? Maybe. Yeah. Let's so I, they start us again.
I'm like, okay, noted. I can't don't go near that line. Right.
So I go and I shoot another double, pick her up, go take her down again.
Same thing. But like, I it's out of bounds again,
cuz it's too close because my double is like a tackle, you know? Right.
And then, um,
so we go back in the middle and we shake hands and we go,
so this time I go, shoot, I pick her up and I look at the ref like, like here,
good. Is this good? Put her down here. Yeah. So put her down,
go to pass her guard. And I passed. And then, um,
I think she had, I, I sat back for a straight ankle lock and they're like,
and they disqualified me. What? And they're like, can't have an ankle lock.
They're like, you can't do that. I was like, can't do what? And they're like,
you can't do that. And it's in the rule books. I'm like, okay,
if I'm gonna look in the real of books, what am I looking up? What can't I do?
Like you can't, you can't do that. You need to go you're disqualified. I'm like,
tell me what I did. And they said that I reaped the knee, but I like,
I didn't like, I don't, I really don't think I did. You.
Know? So you think they were just ju in the system to try to get her to win cuz
she's Brazil.
I don't know. I don't know. It happens. It does, does happen some tournaments.
Yeah. And I mean, they, they, they, and the thing is, is like,
I love I BJ JF tournaments and I wanna compete in them for the rest of my life.
Like I, you know, so, but, but yeah, there is,
there is some themes that go on there.
Like there's definitely birthrights that get you places that like birthrights
that I would really like to have, but at the same time, but not really. No, no,
I don't wanna have been born into, I,
I want to make the statement of like happier birthright. Like I got this,
you know, I made it to some pretty badass tournaments and, and you know,
just like fighting the way I fight and try not to give a about all of that.
And like, I continue to do that. I want to do the same, you know? Um,
but you know, that, that was, that was a rough one for me.
Like I was excited about that tournament.
I trained hard for that tournament and I think we were each other's like,
I don't remember what match into the tournament. It was, but to be disqualified.
And it was like, but I still like, what.
Do they call specifically? Reaping the need. Don't you have to go again.
End the joint.
I don't know. I don't know.
Like I wish I could draw you a picture or show you a finger bent.
You think they were.
Just trying to like come up with an excuse?
Well, be, I mean the first two takedowns like we weren't okay.
Maybe first one about maybe the first one we were on the line. I fine.
The second one, like we hit the ground and then we skided a little so,
but we were in, you know, and then the third one, I'm being a Dick, you know?
And I'm just like, yeah, yeah, you're good. You know? And so they're like, mm,
they gave me the points and then I pass and mm.
They gimme the points and then I sit back for that. And now I'm just qualified
and it just like, that's hard to swallow. It is that sucks. And I like her,
you know what I mean? Like I like her,
her dad was at my gym teaching a seminar at my gym in Colorado,
like months earlier.
And so when the matches over and we go and we're like standing next to them,
they're like, sorry. <laugh> you know, like, did you see.
The video that somebody made on Instagram of her after one day in Liverpool?
No. <laugh>.
What do you know? People make fun of her accent that it's not real. Oh, Brazil.
Yeah. Someone just told me that recently. Yeah.
She apparently, I don't know. I mean, people accents are weird to begin with.
Like why do people talk the way they talk in the first place?
Because they sound like the people around them is geographical. Yeah. I mean,
it's, it's weird,
but there's a video that somebody made of Mackenzie do after one day in
Liverpool. And it's basically her talking,
but Darren Till's voice instead <laugh>
Oh my God. It's rough. It's rough. I'm not playing it. Don't play it.
JB don't even pull it up. I will not do that to her. Oh,
but it's pretty funny. Yeah. Cause I was super confused when I interviewed her.
Um, when she won in the UFC, uh,
they wanted a translator and I was like, what are you talking about?
Like she speaks perfect English. Oh, like, this is really bizarre.
So George Gael came in with me. He's like,
just in case she gets messed up anymore. And like, I didn't even question.
I was like, okay. I was confused. I'm like, but wait a minute.
I know she speaks perfect English. Like this is ridiculous, like.
Raised in Arizona, right? Yeah. But.
She speaks perfect English. So I don't know if they were selling it.
You know? I don't know whose idea it was. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't get it, but the internet got it. <laugh> they went crazy.
Oh really?
They, they went crazy. Everybody was like, what in the is happening?
I didn't question it. I'm like, look, I'm just here to interview her.
I just want her, I mean, she wants to speak in Portuguese.
She wants to speak in English. I don't give a, but I was like,
why do you need to translate her? Like, that's, that's insane.
I don't know all of that. I don't.
Know all that either. You know,
she definitely speaks English really well though. Does.
It, is there a benefit to not being Brazilian? Well, yeah. I mean,
obviously that's a huge demographic in sport. Huge, huge.
Primarily the biggest other than American. Yeah.
But I'm curious if there's like a benefit or a marketing, like is there,
is there something to that that would make that more?
Well, Brazilians have immense national pride. Yeah. I see. Yeah. You know,
and her being a Brazilian and the daughter of a Brazilian jujitsu,
legend mm-hmm <affirmative> and you know,
speaking perfect Portuguese and English, you know, just,
I guess maybe that's the idea behind it. I don't know. She's.
Killing it though.
Like technically and with her style and I mean like everything that she
brings to the table is, is already good. You know? It's like the don't.
That up. <laugh> don't fact up with it. Some yeah.
Who knows it is so shenanigans.
Yeah. I don't know. You know what, sometimes when I get around people, like,
I feel bad because like I try to be like really empathetic and,
and when I'm around like foreigners and like,
I will totally slow down my speaking,
so they will get it to the point where sometimes I think I look condescending
well. Right. You know where I'm like,
I just want this conversation to go as easy as possible for you because yeah.
I'm already awkward. And like, let me help you.
Out. You know, that's a different thing.
It's like you remember when Madonna had a fake English accent and everybody's
like, you're from Brooklyn or wherever the you're from.
You are not from England. If you can't do that stop.
Well, well, yeah. I mean, depending who she's around, I guess, I don't know.
That's.
The thing,
like if you're around people that have that accent you'll you will pick it up.
Yeah. Like when I was a kid, I definitely had a Boston accent,
but I heard myself talk on TV once when I was like 19 with a Boston accent,
I was like, oh no, I gotta get rid of that.
Like how did I pick that up so quick? Yeah. And.
My family of Minnesota rural, you know? And so when I go home,
I get that and it'll stick around for a few weeks for sure. Yeah. Especially.
If you drink, right. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Or I'm real tired. Yeah.
Or yeah, if you're around all those people,
it's like comforting mm-hmm <affirmative> accents are strange. Yeah. You know,
they're they really are strange that they're like specific to regions.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I mean, it just shows you how pliable people are. Yeah.
You know, like Southern accents. Oh.